Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to
the Modern Trivium part two in which I
get down to the details. Last time I
went through sort of the historical and philosophical
background to frame this series of lectures. This
time let's get down to it but just
again a quick note summary summary from the
last one is the goal of a classical
education was to give people the power to
express themselves themselves and to achieve what they
wanted to achieve in the world and so
you need to understand yourself and understand the
world to be able to do that and
then to have the skills necessary to pursue
your goals. And so, keep this in mind
because this is sort of the core of
this. Powerful people